README.md, before:

# pandaSync

Simple ftp command line client built with python and ftputil package. Tested with python 3 and newer.

## Getting started

Requirements:
* *python 3 or newer*
* *git* 
* python package *ftputil*
* python package *pycrypto*

The simplest way to install the script is to clone it from git. The required packages for the script to run correctly are **ftputil** and **pycrypto**. If you don't have them installed, you can add them with pip (if you have pip installed...).

```
pip install pycrypto
pip install ftputil
```

For cloning and updating the repository, the git installation is required. If you don't have have it, please install it from [this website](https://git-scm.com/downloads).
### How to install
Navigate to your favourite directory and clone the project with:

```
git clone https://github.com/vojtatom/pandaSync
```

After downloading, move the new pandasync folder to the directory where you want it to live. Enter the directory and run the **install.sh** script - it'll create symlink for you, so you can run the command by simply typing **panda**.

```
cd ~/Applictaions/pandasync
sudo ./install.sh
```

### How to run
After creating the symlink with **install.sh**, jut simply type **panda** and you should get some sort of help message in your terminal.

```
panda
```
...and if you do, that means the script has ben installed successfully! Yay, congrats!

## Functionality
You can always get a list of possibilities by typing **panda** - it'll roll out the full help screen. Currently there are four commands panda can run:
```
panda pull		- downloads newer content of from the server
panda push		- uploads content of the local
panda update	- updates pandaSync
panda reset		- deletes saved creditals from the local disk
```

Your creditals and password are stored on your local drive in **.creditals** file. It's encrypted using the AES from pycrypto package. The only thing you have to remeber is the **key** which is the encryption key to your locally stored file. This allows easier authentication for you next time, when you only fill your local key.

## Additional info
If you are experiencing any issues feel free to contact me anyhere you find me - here, on twitter (@vojtatom) or on my mail tomas (at) vojtatom.cz. Happy coding!

Commit message:

Added basic multi-account support
Commands pull push and reset now have to be followed by the name of the account.
Please see the section of README for more detailes. This version still could be buggy.

README.md, after:

# pandaSync

Simple ftp command line client built with python and ftputil package. Tested with python 3 and newer.

## Getting started

Requirements:
* *python 3 or newer*
* *git* 
* python package *ftputil*
* python package *pycrypto*

The simplest way to install the script is to clone it from git. The required packages for the script to run correctly are **ftputil** and **pycrypto**. If you don't have them installed, you can add them with pip (if you have pip installed...).

```
pip install pycrypto
pip install ftputil
```

For cloning and updating the repository, the git installation is required. If you don't have have it, please install it from [this website](https://git-scm.com/downloads).
### How to install
Navigate to your favourite directory and clone the project with:

```
git clone https://github.com/vojtatom/pandaSync
```

After downloading, move the new pandasync folder to the directory where you want it to live. Enter the directory and run the **install.sh** script - it'll create symlink for you, so you can run the command by simply typing **panda**.

```
cd ~/Applications/pandasync
sudo ./install.sh
```

### How to run
After creating the symlink with **install.sh**, just simply type **panda** and you should get some sort of help message in your terminal.

```
panda
```
...and if you do, that means the script has ben installed successfully! Yay, congrats!

## Functionality
You can always get a list of possibilities by typing **panda** - it'll roll out the full help screen. Currently there are four commands panda can run (replace <name> with your own local name for your account):
```
panda pull <name>   - downloads newer content of from the server
panda push <name>   - uploads content of the local
panda update        - updates pandaSync
panda reset <name>  - deletes saved creditals from the local disk
```

Your creditals and password are stored on your local drive in **.creditals** file. It's encrypted using the AES from pycrypto package. The only thing you have to remeber is the **key** which is the encryption key to your locally stored file. This allows easier authentication for you next time, when you only fill your local key.

## Additional info
If you are experiencing any issues feel free to contact me anyhere you find me - here, on twitter (@vojtatom) or on my mail tomas (at) vojtatom.cz. Happy coding!
